### Hi there 👋
I'm Qi Zhang. I am glad to have the opportunity to introduce myself here.  
I was born and raised in Suihua City, Heilongjiang Province, and I am currently studying at Guangdong University of Technology, majoring in Computer Science and Technology. I am passionate about Chinese martial arts, sports, and music, which enrich my life and help me keep my balance!  
I am an optimistic, confident and positive person. These characteristics play a positive role in my life and work. I love to challenge myself and believe that every challenge is an opportunity to grow. I am also very focused on self-improvement and am constantly learning new knowledge and skills to stay competitive  
In school, I am the class president, the president of the martial arts association club, the captain of the school's martial arts team, or a member of the eutectic robotics vision lab, now learning ros, python, machine learning, currently learning deep learning as well as java development (purely because of the feeling that I can not learn in the study, so I intend to learn a skill to go to work), passionate about code, and currently has done some machine learning I have already done some machine learning projects such as predicting which NBA team will be the champion in the new year, and ros is preparing for the National Robotics Competition.  
I believe that teamwork is the key to success. Having had a lot of experience working in teams, I enjoy working with people from different backgrounds and expertise to share ideas, solve problems, and achieve common goals. I focus on communication and collaboration and always keep an open mind in order to learn more from others.  
After studying, I occasionally like to play games or sports for fun, but all the games are playing good dishes, I also actively participate in volunteer services, and I have won a few excellent volunteers, whenever the school organizes any activities, I will actively participate in them, and I have participated in the activities of the school for more than 300 hours.  
I believe we all have a common hobby, is like to travel with good brothers group, in 22 years of winter vacation, it is about to play from high school to the present 7 partners intend to 23 years in August to go out together to play half a month, you should also be able to think of, in the face of the good things to come, really happy to sleep at night, insomnia a few nights, in the time to finally arrive when we met in Beijing to meet, I I couldn't wait to take the train to Beijing in advance to pick them up (at that time I had something to do, I did not go back to Heilongjiang, but went to Tianjin), but that day they had to train late, originally 12 o'clock to the train but an hour late, I waited at the train station until more than 1:00, and finally they came (due to one of them have something to do, so only came to the 7).  
After meeting them, it really felt like a dream, we went to Happy Valley, Water Magic Cube, Wangfujing, Bell Tower, Tian'anmen Square, celebrated the birthday of one of the brothers, and on the last day of Beijing, we prepared a lot of food and put them on tinfoil (barbecue, roasted duck, some dishes on a plate, and beer!) And you thought it was over after that? No, we went to Hohhot together!  
The weather in Hohhot is really comfortable, no Guangzhou and Beijing has been hot, the night of Hohhot is simply to enjoy the life of the place, the seven of us together riding a motorized, night riding in Hohhot streets, while remembering the road, while longing and talk about the future, we are in Hohhot together, horseback riding, riding a camel, eating special snacks, simply do not be too cool, but the good times are always so short, the world does not not have the feast that does not fall apart, the last night, the pain of the night, the world has a good time, the world does not have the feast that does not fall apart. The last night, a drink, talk about everyone in the university encountered things, look back on high school every day to stick together, longing for each other a better future, that night do not want to give up each other, that night a lot of people are drunk ------  
Point to point, thank you very much cause take the time to read my little essay to understand me.  
